lay your head on my pillow sweet pain
hold your warm and tender body close to
my high on the internet it's always hard
to say how much the world has changed as
opposed to the little part of the world
that you interact with through the
internet back when I was on tumblr I
interacted with a very different scene
within veganism and this article in vote
to read you was one of the most
controversial things I ever published
one of the most scandalous if you want
to make everything to a scandal that I
ever published on my old tumblr blog
vegan matrix title is brain damage
caused by cannabis adult and infant no
mystery vegans are generally people who
have questioned and rejected the premise
that yogurt was essential to their
health who have questioned many things
that they were told by parents teachers
doctors and marketing agencies vegans
are generally people who have been
willing to question cultural assumptions
of what the word healthy really means
why would it be any harder for us to
question the myths surrounding cannabis
it causes brain damage there is proof
marijuana is not an armless herb neither
is nicotine or cocaine they're all
natural plant leaves that doesn't mean
there any more harmless than nightshade
on the contrary all three have proven
negative effects on the adult brain and
lamentably on the unborn fetus as well
with time data doesn't just accumulate
methods improve the explosion of MRI
research in particular has presented us
with evidence that's impossible to deny
and ever more nuanced information about
the type
of brain damage involved it isn't just
brain damage shared by consenting adults
it is also brain damage that pregnant
mothers can inflict on the next
generation back in 1989 we already had a
sad warning that infant brain
development was impaired by mothers
smoking weed marijuana impacted infants
don't cry in the same way that healthy
babies do and that fact can be
scientifically demonstrated another
important proxy indicating harm for the
infant is reduced birth weight note that
for a long time we didn't know about
specific health damage caused by
maternal cigarette smoking but we did
have evidence of reduced birth weight as
an indication that something was wrong
with smoking during pregnancy in a
separate study published at the same
time 1989 it was already clear that
cannabis interrupts fetal development
and causes lower birth weights now if
you guys are just listening to this and
you're not paying attention text on
screen you might not notice they
provided throughout this article links
that the reader who click on to get to
peer-reviewed articles in real
scientific journals so when I say that
something is obvious because it was
proved in 1989 that's followed by a
little word click with an underlying
those were links that the reader could
click on to draw their own conclusions
and can call to consult the real
scientific research in themselves you've
probably heard about fetal alcohol
syndrome FAS d well has anyone told you
that the effects of smoking weed and the
baby may be worse quote women use
marijuana during pregnancy were five
times more likely to deliver infants
with features considered compatible with
the fetal alcohol syndrome close quote
this was already known in 1981 click for
the source but it remains much more
taboo than the frank prohibition of
expectant mothers drinking alcohol
in more recent years the explosion of
MRI evidence has made it very clear the
cannabis does cause brain damage to
adults who smoke it want to consult a
few medical journals on the subject
source one source to source three source
for source five source six I could go on
so all six of those are articles in
peer-reviewed medical journals the
reader could click on see for themselves
etc I'm not an expert to know all of
this you don't need to be an expert what
you need to do is the same thing that
all vegans already have done set aside
convenient excuses for culturally
familiar habits and question the
underlying facts this post is an
in-depth in indirect result of my
happening to read a vegan blog by a
pregnant mother who offered various
excuses for smoking weed during her
pregnancy I was struck by how similar
her excuses were to those offered for
eating meat very often meat-eaters want
to pretend that nutrition remains a very
mysterious science in fact it has become
much less mysterious in the last 50
years the same is true of the effects of
recreational drugs they're real they can
be proven and in the case of cannabis
they have been proven the information is
instantly available if you can read
English is that information available if
the only language you can read is Lao or
Cambodian no it is worthwhile to reflect
on just how easy it is for native
English speakers to figure this stuff
out and reciprocally just how difficult
it is for native speakers of the
innumerable other languages if you can
read this article in English you don't
have much of an excuse and if you're
vegan you're probably already accustomed
to rejecting excuses of exactly the kind
that are offered to justify weed smoking
I banos yen but sadly this was not the
most controversial article ever had on
tumblr the most hatred I ever got was
for a few very brief comments in passing
that just said that I felt that playing
video games or was a waste of time
and these were not articles on the
subject these were not insults directed
towards other people but I made a couple
of comments that I do not play video
games as a grown man I didn't reflecting
back on my own youth or whatever um you
know why do I feel that it was a waste
of my time when I was younger too and in
response to that several people became
diehard devoted haters of my blog tried
to get my blog cancelled and shut down
all this other nonsense I you know these
are vegans these are my fellow vegans
but who decided that because I was
against video games uh I should be
kicked off of the website I should be
punished to the greatest extent possible
because I dared to question their hobby
what they did with their spare time
wasn't even pleasure wasn't even point
they were at them points finger myself
saying I don't play video games and when
I did play video games and I was a kid I
look back on that now let's haven't been
a a regrettable thing in a waste of time
um you know so now of course it is
laughable to me and I do laughs that
some people are trying to dig up
articles from that blog my old blog to
construe them as somehow scandalous or
embarrassing them to me not there's
nothing embarrassing or scandalous with
well you take a look at it if I had more
time to kill I could start it up again
now we have the return of vegan mind
tricks on tumblr um I said one time it
was actually a really popular blog that
really had a steady following of people
who appreciated it tremendously and who
wrote into me to let me know that and so
on um I was as successful as I could
possibly be within the digital vegan
demi-monde on uh on tumblr um like among
the different ways to try to make it
seem that and look the only thing you
need to do to refute the ridiculous
characterizations of what's on that blog
is look at it you just click on the link
below this video you can scroll through
and look at some of the articles
articles on different topics several on
you know an attempt in Sri Lanka to try
to make the slaughter of cows illegal
all kinds of different issues in
veganism just wrote articles about and
I did have some debates with other other
vegans on there and so on but I mean the
game specifically the durianrider has
been playing and trying to defame me
with this it's just as laughable as what
he did with my couchsurfing profile I
don't you guys remember that but he
tried to construe my couchsurfing
profile as being tremendously scandalous
and scintillating and sexy and
embarrassing to me and all I didn't
reply was get on camera and read what
the profile actually says that's still a
hilarious video it's just me sitting
there laughing saying how can you think
this is a scandal how can you think this
is something I'd be embarrassed about
I'd feel ashamed about and I can say
exactly the same thing now about this
blog that I had in the past of veganism
how could anyone possibly think I would
be ashamed of it are scandalized by it
and if you want to see the reality
behind this totally phony scandal that
he's invented you can look at pretty
much any article on the blog at random
you can read any of them that are about
topics that might interest you and you
can draw your own conclusions about the
type of guy who wrote that blog aah buh
new CN so you wanna know what's funny
it's funny that night I've lost weight
and I've become vegan our people be like
nah I be careful now be careful about
your protein make sure you're getting
protein but when I was fat is healing
about the bus nobody said be careful you
look like you about to have a heart
attack or a stroke [ __ ] nobody said
that but once you start eating healthy
people want me to be careful about my
protein ain't that amazing how about
that I have a heart attack or stroke
nobody's there be careful you look like
you're about to have a heart attack
naked but as soon as I start eating
healthy lose weight be careful Nick you
know you need protein hell out of here